I didn't say you.
What are you so excited about?
You?
Mom, sister
Maybe it's because Chen Huachan was kicked out for 5 years
The brothel wants to kill dad
This is Dr. Zhao who was caught receiving a red envelope.
Then Dr. Zhao also admitted
He received Chen Huacan's red envelope to frame me.
Anyway, this thing
Dad has sent the second sister to investigate
I believe there will be results soon.
Dad, the results of the investigation are out
Who gave me the bone marrow?
After Dr. Zhao was caught, the secret was cleared up
The hospital doesn't know either.
Dad, I said I donated the bone marrow
You can't because of that
The child is now booming
You don't believe me?
That's right, Xiao Li once risked his life
Jump into the lake and save me
He would risk his life for me
I believe he tried to save his father
I will also donate my own bone marrow
That being the case
Then we'll go to that villain and make it clear
Stealing and being kicked out of the house
Xiaolin, go and apologize to him.
As for the bone marrow, he can't let him wrong Xiaoli
Good dad
I'm going to apologize
Can, what are you doing here?